{
    "id": "kNDEKpdJOt0AAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Google",
    "description": "The Data Center Quality and Reliability team is focused on designing and improving the hardware quality and reliability of all platforms in Google's data centers. It provides continuous long-term improvement to products and processes via escalation support and root cause investigation, analysis of production data trends and significant issues, corrective and preventative action, and proactive engagement with the partner teams.\n\nAs a Hardware Test Engineer, you will support a team of Hardware Design, Test, and Manufacturing Engineers who are responsible for prototype bring-up, validation, qualification, and failure analysis of Optical Circuit Switch, server, and networking switch related technologies such as fiber optics, CPU, Double Data Rate (DDR) memory, and storages. You will also ensure we are lab-ready for new products entering the Research and Development labs and sustaining efforts. In addition, you will help to manage lab budget, hiring, performance management, and the well-being of the team, as well as ensuring the labs are well organized and providing a safe working environment.\n\nIn this role, you will lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects using your engineering expertise. You will plan requirements with internal customers and data center hardware products through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders.\n\nBehind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.\n\nThe US base salary range for this full-time position is $108,000-$158,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.\n\nPlease note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google"
}