{
    "id": "1NOVeUsB-ygAAAAAAAAAAA==",
    "company": "Microsoft",
    "description": "Digital thieves are getting sophisticated and harder to detect and our customers are looking up to us to protect their data, accounts, subscriptions, and services from cyber-attacks - whether in their own data centers or in Microsoft's cloud. In addition to recommending preventive measures like hardening infrastructure security, privileged identity management, multi-factor authentication, we are working to develop security solutions that automatically protect our customers using machine learning with security relevant data from various services, endpoints and applications. As an engineer in our team in C+E Security division you will develop scalable pipelines to deliver security analytics that evolve with the constantly changing threat landscape and detect patterns of malicious and suspicious behavior. This is a unique opportunity to tackle challenging problems in the fascinating and growing space of cloud security. Your solutions will enable security analyst's investigations, reducing their burden and increasing their effectiveness. The combination of machine learning with security research and big data analytics creates a unique opportunity to deliver the world's best security offerings in customer facing products like Azure Sentinel and Azure Defender. Come and be part of this exciting new generation of security analytics! Responsibilities o Develop scalable data pipelines in Apache Spark that operate across a myriad of security data. o Work with other machine learning engineers and data scientists to develop machine learning systems for detecting anomalies, compromise, intrusion, fraud, and cyber-attacks. o Design data contracts and interfaces with partner teams to enable full end to end security features for customers. o Engage with security teams across the company to identify security scenarios where machine learning/applied statistics can be used and drive the development of solutions to these problems. o Partner with DevOps team to integrate into CI/CD pipelines. o Work across teams in Azure Sentinel, Azure Defender and in other geographies like Israel to drive security solutions. o Develop world class data processing systems in Python/C#/Scala using cloud services like Azure Databricks, Azure Data Factory, etc. Qualifications Required\nQualifications:\n2 years of educational or professional experience in machine learning OR data mining with large amounts of data OR writing production code. Strong programming skills in Java/Scala/C# or Python, with knowledge of machine learning algorithms or statistical modeling techniques. Preferred\nQualifications:\nGraduate degree in Computer Science or other quantifiable fields such as Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Decision Science, Data Analytics, etc. Ph.D. degree is highly desired. Experience with developing large scale data processing solution in cloud using Apache Spark or similar technologies. Experience developing high-performance solutions with service-oriented architecture. Passion for working with customers and advocating for their requirements to be met by features.\nSalary Range:\n$80K -- $100K\nMinimum Qualification\nData Science & Machine LearningEstimated Salary: $20 to $28 per hour based on qualifications"
}